12:45 restate my assumptions 1
mathematics is the language of nature to
everything around us can be represented
and understood through numbers 3 if you
graph the numbers of any system patterns
emerge therefore there are patterns
everywhere in nature evidence
the cycling of disease epidemics the wax
and wane of caribou populations sunspot
cycles the rise and fall of the Nile
so what about the stock model the
universe of numbers that represents the
global economy millions of human hands
at work billions of minds a vast network
screaming with life an organism a
natural organism my hypothesis within
the stock market there is a pattern as
well right in front of me hiding behind
the numbers always has been
[Music]